Reviewer 1: The authors mostly addressed all of my comments.  The only one they
 did not fully address was changing their "Properties" to "Invariants."
Invariants is a better term for these things, but it is still confusing to the
reader, I think.  Usually invariants are things that you would prove, and the
authors did not follow my suggestion to state explicitly that these
properties/invariants are consequences of the definitions, not things that need
to be proved.  Therefore, the reader has to figure out themselves that these
"invariants" follow from the definitions.  Nonetheless, this does not affect
their results --- it only concerns the quality of the writing.  So I do not view
this something that should make the paper be rejected.
 
A bigger problem is that the authors do not seem to have addressed Reviewer 4's
 comments. Several of Reviewer 4's concerns were addressed when the authors made
corrections from my review, but not all of concerns were addressed.  
 
It does not help that the authors did not provide a corrected version of their
 paper with the changes highlighted --- instead they provided some (not all) of
the LaTeX code of their paper with changes highlighted!  That is bizarre.  
 
From the view of my review comments, I am satisfied with the corrections.  But I
 thought that Reviewer 4's review made some very good points. 
 
Reviewer 4: I think they have somehow overlooked my comments. No reply in the
response document. (I put Reviewer 4's comments for version 1 below - ZY)
Especially, there are bugs in the typesetting where it includes duplicate
numbering for the Theorems. Also, I suggest that Lemma, Theorem, and Corollary
should use unified numbering.


Previous reviewer 4â€™s comment for the first submission

1: (Major revision)

This paper proposes an approach for designing 3D folded state of origami by
sweeping length-constrained section curves. The universality result of
orthogonal terrains is shown in the paper.

The results seem nice but its writing, especially the formalization of the
problem, requires significant improvement. I suggest major revision with the
following revision.

Definitions 1-6: Shouldn't the section curve restricted to be planar, because
the resulting shape is a generalized cylinder. Currently, "joint planes" exist
as many as the number of joints, but this should be unique. Also, this section
plane should be parallel after the sweeping process. Can you simplify the
definition from this point of view? The current definition has a freedom that is
not used afterwards.

What does it mean by "valid" in Proposition 1? Also, shouldn't it be "non-joint
node" that the distance will not change? Wait, what happens when non-joint node
collides with the joint? Does the node transfer to the adjacent segment or is
merged to the joint? What is the purpose of "proposition"?

Definition 9: What is the definition of "folding"? Shouldn't it be the extruded
surface instead of folding? 

There are duplicate theorems and property numbers. (two Theorem 1, two property
1). I stopped following the theorems after this duplication. I would like to
review them after the revision.
