-------------------------------------
  Title: Efficient Origami Construction of Orthogonal Terrains using
Cross-Section Evolution
-------------------------------------

Your paper has been accepted with Minor Revisions. You have two weeks to prepare
a revised manuscript that responds to the reviews. When you have done so, please
log in to EasyChair as author, navigate to this paper, and follow the links to
submit a revised manuscript and a separate document with responses to the
reviewer comments. You also need to upload a signed Contributor Consent Form(s).
The form can be downloaded from
http://osme.info/7osme/Documents/contributor-consent-form.docx .

Please submit your revised paper by June 12.

Best regards,

Robert J. Lang
robert@langorigami.com


----------------------- REVIEW 1 ---------------------
PAPER: 177
TITLE: Efficient Origami Construction of Orthogonal Terrains using Cross-Section
Evolution
AUTHORS: Amartya Shankha Biswas, Erik D. Demaine and Jason S. Ku

Overall evaluation: 2 (Minor revision)

----------- Overall evaluation -----------
This paper provides a new algorithm for designing a 3D origami model whose
surface matches exactly that of a given orthogonal terrain.  The algorithm is
quite general, and while the notation used to describe it is rather convoluted,
it seems correct and is very thorough.  The figures are very good and help
facilitate understanding of the algorithm greatly.  

This work is new and should be of interest to researchers in computational
origami as well as origami applied to the sciences (because orthogonal terrains
are one way to approximate an arbitrary surface, thus this work might be
applicable to folding designs of arbitrary target surfaces).  Therefore I
recommend this paper be accepted for the Origami^7 proceedings.  

However, there are numerous typos and suggestions for the text that must report
to the authors.  Although my list of corrections is long, none of them are very
significant.  I therefore suggest this paper be approved with minor revisions.

Corrections follow:

The phrase "cross section" should not have a hyphen.  This is done correctly for
most of the paper, but not in the title nor throughout page 1.

Quotation marks are not LaTeXed properly throughout the paper.  For example, on
Page 9 after Definition 14, it looks like the LaTeX code for the sentence is 

We consider each "column" of...
where the LaTeX code should be:
We consider each ``column" of...

That will make the quotation marks be open and close in the correct way.  This
should be corrected throughout the paper.

Page 1, 2nd-to-last sentence of the second paragraph:  "...though the
construction is less inefficient than our construction applied to orthogonal
terrains."  Shouldn't this be, "... though the construction is less efficient
than our construction applied to orthogonal terrains."

In Section 2, it is not stated what the ambient space is for the "1-dimensional
cross section moving forward in time."  Is this happening in 3D space?  Or in a
2D plane?  This should be stated explicitly.  (It has implications for the later
definition of the velocity vectors.)

In Section 2.1, Definition 2, should the last sentence say, "For a segment
$s_i\in C$ we will denote its velocity as $\hat{v}_i$." ?

Also in Section 2.1:  Two properties are listed.  But these seem meant to be
part of the definitions.  Shouldn't they be stated as such?  For example,
Property 2 should be part of Definition 2, where the velocity vectors are
defined --- that is, they should be defined as being orthogonal to the
orientation vector of the segment.  (Although see below for my comments on
Property 3.)

As for Property 1, I confess that I really do not understand what it is saying.
The velocity vectors \hat{v}_s are assigned to segments according to Definition
2.  But Property 1 describes non-joint points as "moving" when this has not been
defined.  Do the authors intend to associate each non-joint node in a sector s
with the sector's velocity vector \hat{v}_s?  If so, then each non-joint node
has a unit velocity vector assigned to it, and so of course they have the same
velocity ... Do you see why this is confusing?  Is Property 1 even necessary to
state, since all non-joint nodes in a fixed segment share the same velocity
vector?

In Definition 6, the authors state, "We define v_l^||  and v_l^‚ä• as the
components of v_l coinciding with, and orthogonal to P respectively."
Components of a vector usually refer to a specific coordinate system, and none
is specified here.  Do the authors really mean for v_l^|| to be the projection
of v_l onto the plane P?  If so, that would be a way to define it that is
independent of the coordinate system.  On the other hand, do the authors really
mean that we are defining a coordinate system at the joint J in 3D space where
two axes lie in P and the third axis is orthogonal to P?  Then the P components
and the orthogonal component makes more sense.  If this is correct, then perhaps
this should be stated more explicitly.

Again, Property 3 seems to be part of the definitions being given for joints and
velocities.  Stating these as Properties does make it easier for the authors to
refer to them later.  But if they want to do this, then I would recommend that
the authors state somewhere that these Properties are part of the definitions
and not things that should be proven (nor viewed as natural consequences of the
definitions).  

In Definition 4, what is the difference, notationally, between J_i being not
bolded and J_i being bold?  Both seem to be points, which is equivalent to a
vector in this context, yes?

In Definition 7,  "For ever segment s in a cross section C..."  should be "For
every segment s..."

Is Proposition 1 really a proposition?  In math, "propositions" are like
theorems, in that they are statements that need to be proved.  It looks to me
like "Proposition 1" is actually defining what it means for a joint node to be
"valid."  If so, this should be a Definition, not a Proposition.

On page 4, middle of the page, "Here, v is the magnitude of the plane velocity
of J_i."  What does "plane velocity" mean here?

In the middle of the proof of Lemma 2 (page 5), "Similarly, we consider a
coordinate system with (\hat{v}_l, \hat{o}_l) as the basis."  Don't we want
(\hat{v}_r, \hat{o}_r) here?

In Definition 9, the choice of the word "folding" to mean the unfolded piece of
paper seems backwards and confusing.  I recommend calling it the "unfolding" of
the cross section interval.

On page 6, I am not sure why Proposition 2 is stated as a proposition.  The
statement, "The trajectory of a joint forms a crease in the folded state." is
something the authors are asserting, not proving rigorously.  My impression is
that they view this statement as an immediate consequence of their cross section
model, not as something to be proved.  So why is this called a Proposition?  A
"Remark" or "Fact" would be a better descriptor.

On page 8, why are the Properties 1-6 being restated? Since they are previously
defined in the paper, Theorem 1 on page 7 should merely say, "... such that
Properties 1-6 hold for all segments and joints in each of the cross sections
involved."  This would save a lot of space.

Page 9, start of Section 3.1:  The E_{i,j} notation is not being used
consistently.  In the first sentence of this section, we see \{ E_{i1}, E_{i2},
..., E_{i,n} \}.  The first two terms there should have commas in the
subscripts:  E_{i,1} and E_{i,2}.

Page 10, bottom:  It seems that Property 1 is being redefined.  As far as I can
discern, this has nothing to do with the Property 1 defined on page 2, and it is
very bad form to refer to two different things using the same name.  Perhaps the
"Property 1" on page 10 should be called, "Property 7."

Page 11:  The second sentence of Section 3.2 seems to be missing a
close-parenthesis.  

Page 13, last sentence reads, "We obtain the following primitive, as a
consequence of Theorem 2."  Should this be, "We obtain the following
proposition, as a consequence of Theorem 2." ?

I also recommend, if there is room, the addition of a short Conclusion.
(Perhaps there will be room for a conclusion if the statement of Theorem 1 is
made shorter, as I suggested above.)  If a conclusion can be included, I suggest
stating something about any limitations this algorithm has or ways it could be
improved (if any).


----------------------- REVIEW 3 ---------------------
PAPER: 177
TITLE: Efficient Origami Construction of Orthogonal Terrains using Cross-Section
Evolution
AUTHORS: Amartya Shankha Biswas, Erik D. Demaine and Jason S. Ku

Overall evaluation: 2 (Minor revision)

----------- Overall evaluation -----------
Nothing to add.
